cat template.tex > manual.tex
formatter help >> manual.tex
formatter axis >> manual.tex
formatter baselines >> manual.tex
formatter batch >> manual.tex
formatter snrmax >> manual.tex
formatter snrmin >> manual.tex
formatter ccread >> manual.tex
formatter clear >> manual.tex
formatter close >> manual.tex
formatter device >> manual.tex
formatter edit >> manual.tex
formatter exit >> manual.tex
formatter experiment >> manual.tex
formatter fplot >> manual.tex
formatter fraction >> manual.tex
formatter frequencies >> manual.tex
formatter grid >> manual.tex
formatter inputs >> manual.tex
formatter length >> manual.tex
formatter mode >> manual.tex
formatter nfreq >> manual.tex
formatter nobatch >> manual.tex
formatter outversion >> manual.tex
formatter parameter >> manual.tex
formatter plist >> manual.tex
formatter plot >> manual.tex
formatter prange >> manual.tex
formatter procrange >> manual.tex
formatter psfile >> manual.tex
formatter psplot >> manual.tex
formatter pwrite >> manual.tex
formatter qcodes >> manual.tex
formatter read >> manual.tex
formatter reference >> manual.tex
formatter remote >> manual.tex
formatter run >> manual.tex
formatter setyear >> manual.tex
formatter snrmax >> manual.tex
formatter snrmin >> manual.tex
formatter sort >> manual.tex
formatter sources >> manual.tex
formatter stations >> manual.tex
formatter summary >> manual.tex
formatter timerange >> manual.tex
formatter type >> manual.tex
formatter unflag >> manual.tex
formatter unsort >> manual.tex
formatter write >> manual.tex
formatter xscale >> manual.tex
formatter yscale >> manual.tex
formatter zoom >> manual.tex
cat end.tex >> manual.tex
